hey guys it's jasmine and as you can see
what is title I'm going to talk about
yay I reach 100 subscribers um I just
want to thank I so much as a thought you
guys I would like not be my videos and I
really appreciate all your support in
comments and my inbox thanks for all the
positivity and stuff and for those who
have been negative yeah others have you
seen city guys but yeah thnkx to on my
subbies i'm so happy and proud that I
finally reach a hundred i think i have
like 112 or hundred thirteen or
something like that so yeah I'm when I
wrote you two hundred subscribers I will
be highly and give having a giveaway I
don't know what it will be it but yeah I
want to reach 200 I will be having a
giveaway so tell your mama in them and
your friends to subscribe Sam yeah
thanks guys without you guys I don't
know world well I would be here but not
making videos so yeah thanks and yeah
and so another thing we'll talk about is
this um take me out liner from heart
candy so this is a hard candy eyeliner
pencil and yeah this color is i think is
a bit oh you know how you say it
abus ABY SS I'm guessing I never heard
of that ever in my life yeah you can't
get but it's a be y SS so I'm guessing
that abus yeah ibis um but they come in
a variety of colors and I did not pay
for this this came in like a sample back
from when I ordered stuff from walmart
all just stuff it was like a sample
sample stuff that I got when I ordered
from walmart I don't know I wasn't
expecting to get it i just opened the
box and it was in there so yeah I just
got they do that every now and then in
another time i order it was like a
simple chapstick so i guess they just
did Irene on him so this came in there
and this is my heart candy and this is
um hard candy line is exclusively at
walmart like you can't find this
anywhere else wish online but it's
exclusively at walmart and they comment
a lot of colors the colors are a base
which is the black colors that i have
shuffle roller derby submarine my knees
notorious wild child handcuffs negative
fice vices like a purplish color nugget
is like a goldish color money it's
greenish notorious is like a purplish
color like a pinkish purple wild child
is like a turquoise blue handcuffs is
like a silver avis is black truffle is
like a brownish reddish color roller
derby is like a hot pink and submarine
is a dark purple so these eyeliners it
says that it says I want a pencil color
that stays put for the duration of a
non-stop once a gold day so these
pretzels they have glitter in it they're
sparkly like they have litter you can
see it because this lighting is like
horrible but it has glitter onto a
Squatch you probably love ready to see
it on camera
but it has little sparkles in it I don't
know if you guys can see the reflex it's
really hard to see in this lighting yeah
but it has sparkles in it okay and let
me just tell you I hate this stuff first
of all is not creamy enough so it took a
lot for me get it on my waterline and
after like a minute after I played on my
eyes are like burning like literally
bringing I was like what the freak like
my eyes were legit burning I'm sorry if
you guys nothing background those are my
brothers my eyes were literally burning
like I don't have that on my board on
right now my god that's all the same
eyes I would not work i mean you get
this i love this because i asked instead
of eyes are wet but my worth legit
burning so i squash off it's really
quick like I just washed all my makeup
off because I was like so I don't know
if it just me or if it happens to a lot
of people i guess i will not be buying
the pro size of this this is just a
sample size i will not be buying this
will not be wearing this again probably
will go in the trash can so i would not
recommend you go get says no heart can
you take me out liner and I'll know if
you can see what these are the colors
that I mean is there like right here so
ya know guys I would not be getting this
again okay so anyways that's my review
on the heart candy and fourth of this
day power I can't really tell you
because I didn't have it on long enough
to tell you to stay power so i don't
know but from what i can see okay no I
just dropped my hand and you see how it
rubbed off like that you see is going so
I'm pretty sure to stay in power it's
not good and you can probably see the
shimmery now justice trimmer that was in
it so yeah no I will not be purchasing
that
am I burnt like break it was like
horrible and I'm my hair I know people
are going to ax about my hair is just
like I made a deep part on the side and
I twisted to do it all around all the
way to the back then when I got to the
side I twisted it my pieces in and I
wrapped it up and pinned it like this so
if you want to UM hair tutorial on this
this is like the drea look from
Basketball Wives LA yeah I think it's
really cute so if you want to hear some
story on that just either leave a
comment below or message me whatever
embossed me whatever if you do like it
or a thumbs up if I get a lot of thumbs
up on this video's and i will do a hair
tutorial on this look so yeah if you
like this hairstyle please just some me
up or comment in the description in the
comment section or unbox me yeah that's
all that i have to show you guys that's
all for today i hope you enjoyed i hope
this helps and thanks again to my
hundred my 100 subbies hundred thirteen
hundred 1214 forever is that right now
thank you so much guys I love you so
much and stay tuned for more videos
please rate comment and subscribe bye
guys